docs: Add changelog for 1.20.0 (#6432)
holoviz/holoviews: doc/releases.md

# Releases

## Version 1.20

### Version 1.20.0

> **November 1, 2024**

Author: ```suggestion
**November 4, 2024**
```

> This release brings several enhancements and bug fixes.

Reviewer: Would expand a little bit here, focusing on performance improvements, improved support for streaming and popup improvements.

Author: Are you sure we don't want to sneak in one more improved/improvements in that sentence? :upside_down_face: 

What about:
```suggestion
This release focuses on performance improvement, enhancing streaming support, and refining popup functionality, along with several bug fixes.
```
